Kevin flirty presents 246 Main Street in
air in Ontario this magnificent home is
perfectly placed on mature treat private
approximate one acre lot in the quaint
town of Erin situated in the headwaters
of the credit and grand rivers erin is
surrounded by the tranquility and beauty
of natural rural life aring also
benefits from being located only a short
drive from orangeville Georgetown and
wealth and is only 45 minutes from the
GTA which makes it a perfect xscape at
the end of the busy day the home is
conveniently located a short walk from
downtown shops and the wonderful allora
cataract railway and parks the
immaculately restored 1862 + 404 square
foot three-bedroom century home is a
sight to see with an abundance of
upgrades and features throughout built
in 1894 it continues to display the
richness of architectural detail of the
period an addition was added to the
original structure in 1915 and was
extensively renovated in 2005 the garden
lined walkway leads away to a large
traditional front covered porch you can
also enter the home through the side
entrance offering flexibility and
privacy
the front entranceway a is spectacular
ly designed and rich with original
period molding nine-foot ceilings
wainscotting and the original hardwood
floors which continued throughout the
entire home the large main level family
room with its would strip ceiling and
ceiling fan is perfect for relaxing or
entertaining with family and friends a
more formal living room kim also be
found on the main floor conveniently
enjoying to the dining room by a large
cased opening allowing for even more
flexibility to entertain on those
special occasions the home's custom
kitchen located in the addition is a
masterpiece of historical design
harmoniously blended with modern
conveniences you enter the rear of the
home through a decorative wrought iron
gate directly into the gourmet kitchen
exposed brick and stunning slate tile
flooring sets the tone the 13-foot 4
inch I tongue-and-groove cathedral
ceiling sports recessed lighting remote
control operable and automatic rain
guard skylights exquisite upgraded light
fixtures and post and beam construction
the view above is only the beginning as
you are enveloped by the fantastic
custom cabinetry with extra high
cupboards a corner cabinet with glass
doors and built-in lighting granite
countertops and backsplash
the large stainless steel apron sink
beneath the custom cut glass window the
stainless steel 36 inch gas range with
convection oven and griddle sits beneath
a commercial-grade exhaust hood the
island boasts a built-in microwave and
the second convection oven making for
preparations for larger gatherings easy
and convenient the meal a dishwasher
blends into the same cabinetry and if
you're looking for the refrigerator look
no further than the massive cabinet unit
which is actually an incredible duel
width sub-zero refrigerator with crisper
and freezer drawers custom paneled to
integrate seamlessly with the rest of
this breathtaking kitchen finally there
is a central vacuum kick plate making
for quick and easy floor clean up a
built-in wine rack double doors leading
out to a flagstone patio and a
decorative beam and cast iron railing
leading into the basement past the
basement stairs is the laundry with its
included washer and dryer and a 2-piece
washroom with a decorative sink and tap
set and low-flow toilet completes the
main level restored original railings
guide the way upstairs where you will
find the centerpiece of the second floor
an amazing 4-piece washroom this
washroom features a cathedral ceiling
above with a glass chandelier and with
recessed lighting and travertine marble
flooring below
this opulent retreat Wilson upgraded
sink and faucet a deep soaker jet tub
and a spacious glass-walled shower for
comfort and flexibility the master
bedroom as well as two other comfortable
bedrooms are on this level each
presenting its own appeal and charm the
home's basement provides plenty of
storage space and was extensively and
professionally insulated with spray foam
in 2011 here you will know modern
plumbing and wiring the home's exterior
is a paradise within itself just waiting
to be enjoyed the large rear yard is
perfect for fun or relaxation and is
surrounded by spectacular foliage an
extensive gardens that offer blooms and
varied interest all season long the
ponds with waterfalls add an amazing
ambiance to the art that can be enjoyed
from any spot including the flag stone
patios additional home features include
a detached modern double garage with two
openers a paved driveway with ample
parking new shingles in 2010 gingerbread
detailing metal fencing installed in
2010 a potting shed a high-efficiency
furnace
electronic air filter and central air
conditioning new in 2010 central vacuum
new in 2012 full 200 amp service and
much more for more information or to
schedule an appointment contact kevin
polarity by email at Kevin at Flair DCA
or by phone at 1877 clarity to view this
home's custom web page more information
photos floor plans a survey and map of
this listing visit w w-where DCA today
or text 4 3 2 225 55 000 to view this
homes mobile optimized web page on your
smartphone